Now we're ready to create our very first lambda function for that purpose Of course I'm going to choose
Python and now James and Joe will follow along.
So for our Python lambda function code I'm going to go to my source directory and from there I'm going
to Right-Click and from new I'm going to create a new directory and I'll say Python and underscore lambda.
All right.
So with this python lambda I'm going to create a python file and I'm going to name it as lambda underscore
function just like that.
So our function is written to be implemented or developed.
So for our Lenda function we first have to have an initial point that our lender function can be started
to invoke.
And for that purpose lambda has a concept called handler so handlers are basically a method in that
programming language that you can create for the starting point of view or lambda function.
And for that purpose I'm going to first create and handler method and that handler method is going to
look like something like this.
So I'll say händler and I should note that the handler method can be in any name because we're going
to have to provide the qualifying method name to our handler naming while we create our lambda function
on AWOS.
So you can basically give it any name you want.
And after that information there are two things that we have to pass in to our lambda function to successfully
process it on a with us.
And the first thing is the event and the next thing is the context of all the land the function.
So the evil part is actually the event driven scenario event executer of the Alamdar function in case
of an event like let's say you're uploading an object to an as three bucket and you want that to be
executed.
A lambda function right after that with an event.
So in that case that event is going to be catched with our lambda function and all the context of that
event is going to be injected into this event where you will just like we see here and the context is
actually the environment the context that we have to function is being executed.
So the context is useful in lots of scenarios like if you want to know the environment that you're running
your lambda function or if you want to know the resources that you're accessing with your land the function
context is useful.
So after giving you this information for our first lambda function I'm going to have to provide a simple
definition and after that in an iterator way we're going to improve our learn to function with versions
and we're going to get to that.
So for our first iteration I'm going to return a simple Jaison and within that Tezaab all first say
status code and let's just fix that typo and I'll provide 200.
As it is.
OK.
And another thing is the message.
And within that message I'll say hello from Python.
Lamda function.
All right.
So this is basically going to be a response on our first lambda function.
So now we are ready to upload and create our lambda function and to do that obviously on the next video.